data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/apt/examples/sources.list               apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/apt/LICENSE                             apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/bash-completion/completions/apt             apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/apt-get.8.gz                       apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/apt-secure.8.gz                    apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/apt-config.8.gz                    apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/apt.8.gz                           apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/apt-cache.8.gz                     apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/apt-key.8.gz                       apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/apt-mark.8.gz                      apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man5/sources.list.5.gz                  apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man5/apt.conf.5.gz                      apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man5/apt_preferences.5.gz               apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/apt/trusted.gpg                               apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/apt/sources.list                              apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/apt/apt-helper                                apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/apt/methods/https                             apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/apt/methods/lzma                              apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/apt/methods/http                              apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/apt/methods/store                             apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/apt/methods/ssh                               apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/apt/methods/rsh                               apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/apt/methods/copy                              apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/apt/methods/file                              apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/apt/methods/xz                                apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/apt/methods/gzip                              apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/apt/methods/gpgv                              apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libapt-pkg.so                                 apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libapt-inst.so                                apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libapt-private.so                             apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/cdrom.h                           apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/depcache.h                        apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/sha256.h                          apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/cdromutl.h                        apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/sptr.h                            apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/sha2_internal.h                   apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/metaindex.h                       apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/cachefile.h                       apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/versionmatch.h                    apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/acquire-method.h                  apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/dirstream.h                       apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/edspsystem.h                      apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/sourcelist.h                      apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/clean.h                           apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/sha2.h                            apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/cacheiterators.h                  apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/acquire-worker.h                  apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/algorithms.h                      apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/debfile.h                         apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/debversion.h                      apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/acquire.h                         apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/edsp.h                            apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/pkgcache.h                        apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/netrc.h                           apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/init.h                            apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/srcrecords.h                      apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/macros.h                          apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/edsplistparser.h                  apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/progress.h                        apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/debrecords.h                      apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/sha1.h                            apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/fileutl.h                         apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/mmap.h                            apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/pkgrecords.h                      apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/dpkgpm.h                          apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/acquire-item.h                    apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/tagfile.h                         apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/edspindexfile.h                   apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/extracttar.h                      apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/srvrec.h                          apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/string_view.h                     apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/error.h                           apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/debmetaindex.h                    apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/cacheset.h                        apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/policy.h                          apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/statechanges.h                    apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/debsystem.h                       apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/hashes.h                          apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/prettyprinters.h                  apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/proxy.h                           apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/aptconfiguration.h                apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/cmndline.h                        apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/indexfile.h                       apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/indexcopy.h                       apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/update.h                          apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/md5.h                             apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/debindexfile.h                    apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/debsrcrecords.h                   apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/cachefilter.h                     apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/version.h                         apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/hashsum_template.h                apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/weakptr.h                         apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/pkgsystem.h                       apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/pkgcachegen.h                     apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/install-progress.h                apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/crc-16.h                          apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/configuration.h                   apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/filelist.h                        apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/upgrade.h                         apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/packagemanager.h                  apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/gpgv.h                            apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/orderlist.h                       apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/deblistparser.h                   apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/extract.h                         apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/strutl.h                          apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/apt-pkg/arfile.h                          apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/apt                                           apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/apt-key                                       apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/apt-cache                                     apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/apt-mark                                      apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/apt-config                                    apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/apt-get                                       apt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/info/bash.info                              bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/bash/NEWS                               bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/bash/bash.html                          bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/bash/LICENSE                            bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/bash/README                             bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/bash/POSIX                              bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/bash/CHANGES                            bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/bash/COMPAT                             bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/bash/INTRO                              bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/bash/RBASH                              bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/bash/bashref.html                       bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/bash/FAQ                                bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/bash.1.gz                          bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/bash.bashrc                                   bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/profile                                       bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/bash.pc                             bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/bash/loadables.h                              bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/bash/basename                                 bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/bash/push                                     bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/bash/setpgid                                  bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/bash/logname                                  bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/bash/tee                                      bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/bash/printenv                                 bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/bash/mypid                                    bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/bash/Makefile.inc                             bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/bash/seq                                      bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/bash/id                                       bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/bash/mkdir                                    bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/bash/head                                     bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/bash/tty                                      bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/bash/sleep                                    bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/bash/dirname                                  bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/bash/sync                                     bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/bash/fdflags                                  bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/bash/pathchk                                  bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/bash/uname                                    bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/bash/ln                                       bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/bash/finfo                                    bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/bash/print                                    bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/bash/realpath                                 bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/bash/strftime                                 bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/bash/whoami                                   bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/bash/truefalse                                bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/bash/rmdir                                    bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/bash/unlink                                   bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/bashintl.h                           bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/variables.h                          bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/array.h                              bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/xmalloc.h                            bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/bashtypes.h                          bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/syntax.h                             bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/sig.h                                bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/externs.h                            bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/arrayfunc.h                          bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/shell.h                              bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/conftypes.h                          bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/pathnames.h                          bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/unwind_prot.h                        bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/include/posixtime.h                  bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/include/shmbchar.h                   bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/include/posixdir.h                   bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/include/gettext.h                    bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/include/maxpath.h                    bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/include/chartypes.h                  bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/include/filecntl.h                   bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/include/memalloc.h                   bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/include/stat-time.h                  bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/include/unionwait.h                  bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/include/ansi_stdlib.h                bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/include/posixstat.h                  bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/include/posixwait.h                  bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/include/systimes.h                   bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/include/posixjmp.h                   bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/include/stdc.h                       bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/include/shtty.h                      bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/include/typemax.h                    bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/include/ocache.h                     bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/include/shmbutil.h                   bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/config-top.h                         bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/config.h                             bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/y.tab.h                              bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/bashjmp.h                            bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/quit.h                               bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/error.h                              bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/jobs.h                               bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/assoc.h                              bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/bashansi.h                           bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/signames.h                           bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/alias.h                              bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/subst.h                              bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/siglist.h                            bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/builtins/getopt.h                    bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/builtins/bashgetopt.h                bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/builtins/builtext.h                  bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/builtins/common.h                    bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/dispose_cmd.h                        bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/version.h                            bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/command.h                            bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/hashlib.h                            bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/config-bot.h                         bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/make_cmd.h                           bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/builtins.h                           bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/bash/general.h                            bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/bash                                          bash
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/var/spool/cron/crontabs/README.termux             busybox
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/var/service/crond/run                             busybox
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/var/service/crond/down                            busybox
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/var/service/crond/log/run                         busybox
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/var/service/telnetd/run                           busybox
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/var/service/telnetd/down                          busybox
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/var/service/telnetd/log/run                       busybox
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/var/service/ftpd/run                              busybox
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/var/service/ftpd/down                             busybox
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/var/service/ftpd/log/run                          busybox
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/busybox/LICENSE                         busybox
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/busybox.1.gz                       busybox
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/applets/sv                                    busybox
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/applets/diff                                  busybox
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/applets/nmeter                                busybox
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/applets/runsvdir                              busybox
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/applets/lsusb                                 busybox
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/applets/inotifyd                              busybox
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/applets/svlogd                                busybox
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/applets/start-stop-daemon                     busybox
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/applets/crond                                 busybox
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/applets/rm                                    busybox
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/applets/ftpget                                busybox
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/applets/sendmail                              busybox
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/applets/mv                                    busybox
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/applets/uptime                                busybox
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/applets/tcpsvd                                busybox
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/applets/ftpput                                busybox
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/applets/crontab                               busybox
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/applets/which                                 busybox
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/applets/ftpd                                  busybox
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/applets/mpstat                                busybox
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/applets/usleep                                busybox
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/applets/vi                                    busybox
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/applets/runsv                                 busybox
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/applets/iostat                                busybox
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/applets/hostname                              busybox
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/applets/rmdir                                 busybox
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/applets/lsof                                  busybox
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/busybox                                       busybox
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/coreutils/libstdbuf.so                    coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/info/coreutils.info                         coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/coreutils/LICENSE                       coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/yes.1.gz                           coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/shred.1.gz                         coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/sleep.1.gz                         coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/basename.1.gz                      coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/wc.1.gz                            coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/dir.1.gz                           coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/dircolors.1.gz                     coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/id.1.gz                            coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/printf.1.gz                        coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/ptx.1.gz                           coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/fold.1.gz                          coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/uname.1.gz                         coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/sha256sum.1.gz                     coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/sha224sum.1.gz                     coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/sum.1.gz                           coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/cut.1.gz                           coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/nohup.1.gz                         coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/groups.1.gz                        coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/chown.1.gz                         coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/head.1.gz                          coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/cp.1.gz                            coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/whoami.1.gz                        coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/join.1.gz                          coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/chmod.1.gz                         coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/nice.1.gz                          coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/date.1.gz                          coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/pathchk.1.gz                       coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/chcon.1.gz                         coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/paste.1.gz                         coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/kill.1.gz                          coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/tty.1.gz                           coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/stdbuf.1.gz                        coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/md5sum.1.gz                        coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/echo.1.gz                          coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/expr.1.gz                          coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/sha512sum.1.gz                     coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/numfmt.1.gz                        coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/fmt.1.gz                           coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/env.1.gz                           coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/mkdir.1.gz                         coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/test.1.gz                          coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/sha384sum.1.gz                     coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/install.1.gz                       coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/nproc.1.gz                         coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/mktemp.1.gz                        coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/nl.1.gz                            coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/tail.1.gz                          coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/dirname.1.gz                       coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/tsort.1.gz                         coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/runcon.1.gz                        coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/printenv.1.gz                      coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/pwd.1.gz                           coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/seq.1.gz                           coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/mknod.1.gz                         coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/coreutils.1.gz                     coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/tee.1.gz                           coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/expand.1.gz                        coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/comm.1.gz                          coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/stty.1.gz                          coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/uniq.1.gz                          coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/shuf.1.gz                          coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/timeout.1.gz                       coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/readlink.1.gz                      coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/sha1sum.1.gz                       coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/touch.1.gz                         coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/vdir.1.gz                          coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/unlink.1.gz                        coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/chgrp.1.gz                         coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/chroot.1.gz                        coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/od.1.gz                            coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/ln.1.gz                            coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/link.1.gz                          coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/tr.1.gz                            coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/ls.1.gz                            coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/true.1.gz                          coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/sort.1.gz                          coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/realpath.1.gz                      coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/false.1.gz                         coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/cat.1.gz                           coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/rm.1.gz                            coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/b2sum.1.gz                         coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/dd.1.gz                            coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/base64.1.gz                        coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/sync.1.gz                          coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/logname.1.gz                       coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/unexpand.1.gz                      coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/stat.1.gz                          coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/mkfifo.1.gz                        coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/mv.1.gz                            coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/cksum.1.gz                         coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/factor.1.gz                        coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/truncate.1.gz                      coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/pr.1.gz                            coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/base32.1.gz                        coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/basenc.1.gz                        coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/rmdir.1.gz                         coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/tac.1.gz                           coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/csplit.1.gz                        coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/du.1.gz                            coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/split.1.gz                         coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/date                                          coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/basename                                      coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/sha512sum                                     coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/stdbuf                                        coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/pr                                            coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/echo                                          coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/logname                                       coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/true                                          coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/sum                                           coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/factor                                        coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tee                                           coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/printf                                        coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/readlink                                      coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/md5sum                                        coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tail                                          coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/sha224sum                                     coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/printenv                                      coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/base32                                        coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/cut                                           coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/comm                                          coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/timeout                                       coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/nproc                                         coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/seq                                           coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ptx                                           coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/split                                         coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/id                                            coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/truncate                                      coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/mkdir                                         coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/rm                                            coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/false                                         coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/head                                          coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/pwd                                           coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tty                                           coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/fmt                                           coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/du                                            coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/join                                          coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/chroot                                        coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ls                                            coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/mktemp                                        coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/mv                                            coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/coreutils                                     coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/fold                                          coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/test                                          coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/unexpand                                      coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/chown                                         coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/shred                                         coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/sha256sum                                     coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/b2sum                                         coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/od                                            coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/dircolors                                     coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/cat                                           coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/wc                                            coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/yes                                           coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/sort                                          coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/sleep                                         coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/dirname                                       coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/env                                           coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/sync                                          coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/chgrp                                         coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/nl                                            coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/[                                             coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/stat                                          coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/groups                                        coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/pathchk                                       coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/nice                                          coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tac                                           coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/link                                          coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/chmod                                         coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/basenc                                        coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/uname                                         coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/numfmt                                        coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/install                                       coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/stty                                          coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ln                                            coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/chcon                                         coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tsort                                         coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/sha384sum                                     coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/mknod                                         coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/dir                                           coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/base64                                        coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/mkfifo                                        coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/vdir                                          coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/expr                                          coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/kill                                          coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/runcon                                        coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/cksum                                         coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/csplit                                        coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/realpath                                      coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/dd                                            coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/sha1sum                                       coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/whoami                                        coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tr                                            coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/uniq                                          coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/cp                                            coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/expand                                        coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/rmdir                                         coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/nohup                                         coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/shuf                                          coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/touch                                         coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/unlink                                        coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/paste                                         coreutils
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/gpg-wks-client                            gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/gpg-preset-passphrase                     gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/gpg-check-pattern                         gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/scdaemon                                  gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/gpg-protect-tool                          gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/info/gnupg.info                             gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/info/gnupg.info-1                           gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/info/gnupg.info-2                           gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gnupg/distsigkey.gpg                        gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gnupg/help.txt                              gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gnupg/sks-keyservers.netCA.pem              gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/KEYSERVER                         gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/HACKING                           gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/examples/gpgconf.conf             gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/examples/pwpattern.list           gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/examples/debug.prf                gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/examples/README                   gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/examples/vsnfd.prf                gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/examples/trustlist.txt            gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/examples/scd-event                gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/examples/systemd-user/gpg-agent-browser.socket gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/examples/systemd-user/gpg-agent.service gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/examples/systemd-user/dirmngr.socket gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/examples/systemd-user/gpg-agent-ssh.socket gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/examples/systemd-user/gpg-agent-extra.socket gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/examples/systemd-user/README      gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/examples/systemd-user/dirmngr.service gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/examples/systemd-user/gpg-agent.socket gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/LICENSE                           gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/DCO                               gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/TRANSLATE                         gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/README                            gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/DETAILS                           gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/OpenPGP                           gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/gnupg/FAQ                               gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/dirmngr.8.gz                       gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/applygnupgdefaults.8.gz            gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man8/addgnupghome.8.gz                  gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/gpgtar.1.gz                        gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/gpg-connect-agent.1.gz             gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/symcryptrun.1.gz                   gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/scdaemon.1.gz                      gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/gpg.1.gz                           gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/gpgsm.1.gz                         gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/gpgconf.1.gz                       gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/gpg-agent.1.gz                     gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/gpg-wks-server.1.gz                gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/watchgnupg.1.gz                    gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/gpgparsemail.1.gz                  gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/gpg-wks-client.1.gz                gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/gpg-preset-passphrase.1.gz         gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/dirmngr-client.1.gz                gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/gpg                                           gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/gpg-connect-agent                             gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/gpg2                                          gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/watchgnupg                                    gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/dirmngr                                       gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/gpg-agent                                     gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/gpgconf                                       gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/gpgtar                                        gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/addgnupghome                                  gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/gpgscm                                        gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/dirmngr-client                                gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/applygnupgdefaults                            gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/kbxutil                                       gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/gpgsm                                         gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/gpgparsemail                                  gnupg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/gpgv.1.gz                          gpgv
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/gpgv                                          gpgv
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/htop/LICENSE                            htop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/htop.1.gz                          htop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/htop                                          htop
