data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/apt/methods/tor+https                         apt-transport-tor
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/apt/methods/tor+http                          apt-transport-tor
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/apt/methods/tor                               apt-transport-tor
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/termux-tools/LICENSE                    termux-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/motd                                          termux-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/termux-fix-shebang                            termux-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/xdg-open                                      termux-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/pkg                                           termux-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/dalvikvm                                      termux-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/termux-reload-settings                        termux-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ping6                                         termux-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/df                                            termux-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/getprop                                       termux-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/pm                                            termux-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/login                                         termux-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/chsh                                          termux-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ping                                          termux-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/logcat                                        termux-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/termux-open-url                               termux-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ip                                            termux-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/su                                            termux-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/top                                           termux-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/settings                                      termux-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/termux-info                                   termux-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/umount                                        termux-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/termux-wake-unlock                            termux-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/mount                                         termux-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/termux-wake-lock                              termux-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/termux-setup-storage                          termux-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/termux-open                                   termux-tools
